Something that's really useful within
Vuex is the ability to dispatch.
So in the example we were looking at and
we wanted to check the machine
condition before we actually
restart the machine itself.
And so, this is essentially
trying to take one action and
calling another action and
then making a commit or committing
a mutation on the condition that
the dispatched action returns successful.
So for our first exercise,
we're going to dive into how exactly
we're going to dispatch a call.
So the fetch from inventory
action will dispatch a call to
check the machine state, and
then on successful check,
it will then restock the machine itself.
And so with this, we'll dive into
what that looks like specifically.
So in fetchFromInventory,
what we need to do first.
Because fetchFromInventory
is going to do a dispatch.
So I'm going to specifically grab
the dispatch method from my context.
And then from that I'm
going to dispatch a action,
in this case,
it's called check machine state.
And then I am going to onsuccess.
So this is assuming, I think check
machine states always returns resolve.
So assuming it does return,
what I wanna do is I want
to call a restock commit.
So if I go down here,
I'm going to call stock items.
So what I will do now is I will also
grab a commit because I care about that.
And on success I'm going
to commit restock items,
and I don't believe restock items
takes a pay load at the moment.
Yes, so
this is the way in which I can dispatch it
really easily, so
I chained some actions and so on.
And so, one of the other things
that I can do is I can also
change specific attributes or
specific qualities.
So if I look at the state,
there is a state called isCheckingMachine.
And isCheckingMachine has
a mutation that updates it as well.
And so, what I wanna do is I wanna make
sure that I update the machine state in
the event that it is being checked.
So if I look here in my
check machine state,
that's exactly what's happening here.
And then of course the restock
as well needs to follow suit.
So fetchFromInventory is essentially
dispatching a check machine state,
and then onsuccess,
it commits the restock.
So what we'll do is we'll dispatch, and
then onsuccess we are also going to
commit the isRestocking to true,
so we'll go to isRestocking, so.
Commit isRestocking,
I think it was capital.
And then we can do it from there.
One thing to note also is that,
this restocking generally calls in API.
So this is fine and all but
we want this to also be asynchronous.
So what we'll do is we have
async function here called
pingInventory, so
we're gonna uncomment that.
We still want that, so
we'll do pingInventory like so.
I don't believe it takes in an item, so
I think the item by default is chips.
So we might wanna do chips like so.
And then on success, we will call
this particular restock, here.
And then we also wanna make
sure we're changing the state.
So isRestocking is now false because
the item has been restocked,
and then above here is when we
are doing isRestocking to true.
So essentially, what is happening here is
I'm dispatching a check machine state.
When the machine state is successful,
it is then in the isRestocking state,
it fetches from this particular API.
On successful fetch,
it will change isRestocking to
false cuz it's no longer stocking.
And then it will change,
it will commit the mutation to
actually change that itself.
And so that is in effect,
how the things hook up within it and
how you can dispatch actions and
then call API's on success and fail.